README.md, before:

# bz.js

A JavaScript wrapper for the [Bugzilla REST API](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API).

# install
For [node](http://nodejs.org) install with [npm](http://npmjs.org):

```
npm install bz
```

and use with `var bz = require("bz")`

For the browser, download the lastest bz-<version>.js from the root directory. Or build a browser file from the source code with `grunt build`.

# usage

```javascript
var bugzilla = bz.createClient();

bugzilla.getBug(678223, function(error, bug) {
  if (!error) {
    alert(bug.summary);
  }
});
```

# API
`bz.createClient(options)`
creates a new Bugzilla API client, optionally takes options like the REST API url, username + password, and timeout in milliseconds:

```javascript
var bugzilla = bz.createClient({
  url: "https://api-dev.bugzilla.mozilla.org/test/0.9/",
  username: 'bugs@bugmail.com',
  password: 'secret',
  timeout: 30000
});
```

### Client methods
Each method takes a callback that takes an error message (if any kind of error occurs) as its first argument, and the expected return data as its second.

`getBug(id, callback)`  
retrieves a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) given a bug id.

`searchBugs(searchParams, callback)`  
searches with given [search parameters](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Search) and fetches an array of [bugs](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug).

`countBugs(searchParams, callback)`  
searches with given [search parameters](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Search) and gets a integer count of bugs matching that query.

`createBug(bug, callback)`  
creates a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) and returns the id of the newly created bug.

`updateBug(id, bug, callback)`  
updates a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) with new bug info.

`bugComments(id, callback)`  
retrieves the [comments](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Comment) for a bug.

`addComment(id, comment, callback)`  
adds a [comment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Comment) to a bug.

`bugHistory(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [changes](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#ChangeSet) for a bug.

`bugFlags(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [flags](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Flag) for a bug.

`bugAttachments(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [attachments](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) for a bug.

`createAttachment(bugId, attachment, callback)`  
creates an [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) on a bug, and returns the id of the newly created attachment.

`getAttachment(attachId, callback)`  
gets an [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) given an attachment id.

`updateAttachment(attachId, attachment, callback)`  
updates the [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment).

`searchUsers(match, callback)`  
searches for [users](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#User) by string, matching against users' names or real names.
 
`getUser(userId, callback)`  
retrieves a [user](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#User) given a user id.

`getConfiguration(options, callback)`  
gets the [configuration](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects:Configuration) of this Bugzilla server.

Commit message:

Add suggested reviewer method to readme.

README.md, after:

# bz.js

A JavaScript wrapper for the [Bugzilla REST API](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API).

# install
For [node](http://nodejs.org) install with [npm](http://npmjs.org):

```
npm install bz
```

and use with `var bz = require("bz")`

For the browser, download the lastest bz-<version>.js from the root directory. Or build a browser file from the source code with `grunt build`.

# usage

```javascript
var bugzilla = bz.createClient();

bugzilla.getBug(678223, function(error, bug) {
  if (!error) {
    alert(bug.summary);
  }
});
```

# API
`bz.createClient(options)`
creates a new Bugzilla API client, optionally takes options like the REST API url, username + password, and timeout in milliseconds:

```javascript
var bugzilla = bz.createClient({
  url: "https://api-dev.bugzilla.mozilla.org/test/0.9/",
  username: 'bugs@bugmail.com',
  password: 'secret',
  timeout: 30000
});
```

### Client methods
Each method takes a callback that takes an error message (if any kind of error occurs) as its first argument, and the expected return data as its second.

`getBug(id, callback)`  
retrieves a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) given a bug id.

`searchBugs(searchParams, callback)`  
searches with given [search parameters](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Search) and fetches an array of [bugs](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug).

`countBugs(searchParams, callback)`  
searches with given [search parameters](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Search) and gets a integer count of bugs matching that query.

`createBug(bug, callback)`  
creates a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) and returns the id of the newly created bug.

`updateBug(id, bug, callback)`  
updates a [bug](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Bug) with new bug info.

`bugComments(id, callback)`  
retrieves the [comments](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Comment) for a bug.

`addComment(id, comment, callback)`  
adds a [comment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Comment) to a bug.

`bugHistory(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [changes](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#ChangeSet) for a bug.

`bugFlags(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [flags](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Flag) for a bug.

`bugAttachments(id, callback)`  
retrieves array of [attachments](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) for a bug.

`createAttachment(bugId, attachment, callback)`  
creates an [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) on a bug, and returns the id of the newly created attachment.

`getAttachment(attachId, callback)`  
gets an [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment) given an attachment id.

`updateAttachment(attachId, attachment, callback)`  
updates the [attachment](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#Attachment).

`searchUsers(match, callback)`  
searches for [users](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#User) by string, matching against users' names or real names.
 
`getUser(userId, callback)`  
retrieves a [user](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects#User) given a user id.

`getSuggestedReviewers(id, callback)`  
retrieves a list of [suggested reviewers](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:BzAPI:Objects#Suggested_Reviewer) for a bug.

`getConfiguration(options, callback)`  
gets the [configuration](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Bugzilla:REST_API:Objects:Configuration) of this Bugzilla server.
